Refactorizations of the ReDoS libraries (#9422)
github/codeql: python/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-05-25-redos-refac.md

---
category: deprecated
---

> * The utility files previous in the `semmle.python.security.performance` package has been moved to the `semmle.python.security.regexp` package.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The utility files previously in the `semmle.python.security.performance` package have been moved to the `semmle.python.security.regexp` package.  
```
